# packages in environment at /scratch/gpfs/cmcwhite/.conda/envs/vcmsa_env:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                 conda_forge    conda-forge
_openmp_mutex             4.5                  2_kmp_llvm    conda-forge
alsa-lib                  1.2.8                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
appdirs                   1.4.4              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
arpack                    3.7.0                hdefa2d7_2    conda-forge
asttokens                 2.2.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
attr                      2.5.1                h166bdaf_1    conda-forge
backcall                  0.2.0              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
backports                 1.1                pyhd3eb1b0_0  
backports.functools_lru_cache 1.6.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
biopython                 1.80             py39hb9d737c_0    conda-forge
brotli                    1.0.9                h166bdaf_8    conda-forge
brotli-bin                1.0.9                h166bdaf_8    conda-forge
brotlipy                  0.7.0           py39hb9d737c_1005    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                h7f98852_4    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2023.01.10           h06a4308_0  
cairo                     1.16.0            ha61ee94_1014    conda-forge
certifi                   2022.12.7          pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cffi                      1.15.1           py39he91dace_3    conda-forge
charset-normalizer        2.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
click                     8.1.3           unix_pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
cloudpickle               2.2.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
colorama                  0.4.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
contourpy                 1.0.7            py39h4b4f3f3_0    conda-forge
cryptography              39.0.0           py39h079d5ae_0    conda-forge
cudatoolkit               11.8.0              h37601d7_11    conda-forge
cudnn                     8.4.1.50             hed8a83a_0    conda-forge
cycler                    0.11.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cython                    0.29.33          py39h227be39_0    conda-forge
dbus                      1.13.18              hb2f20db_0  
decorator                 5.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
executing                 1.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
expat                     2.5.0                h27087fc_0    conda-forge
faiss                     1.7.2           py39cuda112h56f0a83_2_cuda    conda-forge
fftw                      3.3.10          nompi_hf0379b8_106    conda-forge
filelock                  3.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-dejavu-sans-mono 2.37                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-inconsolata      3.000                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-source-code-pro  2.038                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-ubuntu           0.83                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
fontconfig                2.14.2               h14ed4e7_0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-ecosystem     1                             0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-forge         1                             0    conda-forge
fonttools                 4.38.0           py39hb9d737c_1    conda-forge
freetype                  2.12.1               hca18f0e_1    conda-forge
future                    0.18.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
gettext                   0.21.1               h27087fc_0    conda-forge
glib                      2.74.1               h6239696_1    conda-forge
glib-tools                2.74.1               h6239696_1    conda-forge
glpk                      5.0                  h445213a_0    conda-forge
gmp                       6.2.1                h58526e2_0    conda-forge
graphite2                 1.3.14               h295c915_1  
gst-plugins-base          1.21.3               h4243ec0_1    conda-forge
gstreamer                 1.21.3               h25f0c4b_1    conda-forge
gstreamer-orc             0.4.33               h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
harfbuzz                  6.0.0                h8e241bc_0    conda-forge
harmony-pytorch           0.1.7              pyhdfd78af_1    bioconda
huggingface_hub           0.11.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
icecream                  2.1.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
icu                       70.1                 h27087fc_0    conda-forge
idna                      3.4                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
importlib-metadata        6.0.0              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
importlib_metadata        6.0.0                hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ipython                   8.8.0            py39h06a4308_0  
jack                      1.9.22               h11f4161_0    conda-forge
jedi                      0.18.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jinja2                    3.1.2              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
joblib                    1.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jpeg                      9e                   h166bdaf_2    conda-forge
keyutils                  1.6.1                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.4.4            py39hf939315_1    conda-forge
krb5                      1.20.1               h81ceb04_0    conda-forge
lame                      3.100             h166bdaf_1003    conda-forge
lcms2                     2.14                 hfd0df8a_1    conda-forge
ld_impl_linux-64          2.40                 h41732ed_0    conda-forge
lerc                      4.0.0                h27087fc_0    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0            16_linux64_mkl    conda-forge
libbrotlicommon           1.0.9                h166bdaf_8    conda-forge
libbrotlidec              1.0.9                h166bdaf_8    conda-forge
libbrotlienc              1.0.9                h166bdaf_8    conda-forge
libcap                    2.66                 ha37c62d_0    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0            16_linux64_mkl    conda-forge
libclang                  15.0.7          default_had23c3d_0    conda-forge
libclang13                15.0.7          default_h3e3d535_0    conda-forge
libcups                   2.3.3                h36d4200_3    conda-forge
libdb                     6.2.32               h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.17                 h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20221030         h5eee18b_0  
libevent                  2.1.10               h28343ad_4    conda-forge
libfaiss                  1.7.2           cuda112hb18a002_3_cuda    conda-forge
libfaiss-avx2             1.7.2           cuda112h1234567_3_cuda    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.2                h7f98852_5    conda-forge
libflac                   1.4.2                h27087fc_0    conda-forge
libgcc-ng                 12.2.0              h65d4601_19    conda-forge
libgcrypt                 1.10.1               h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
libgfortran-ng            12.2.0              h69a702a_19    conda-forge
libgfortran5              12.2.0              h337968e_19    conda-forge
libglib                   2.74.1               h606061b_1    conda-forge
libgpg-error              1.46                 h620e276_0    conda-forge
libhwloc                  2.8.0                h32351e8_1    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.17                 h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
libjpeg-turbo             2.1.4                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0            16_linux64_mkl    conda-forge
libllvm15                 15.0.7               hadd5161_0    conda-forge
libnsl                    2.0.0                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
libogg                    1.3.5                h27cfd23_1  
libopus                   1.3.1                h7f98852_1    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.39               h753d276_0    conda-forge
libpq                     15.1                 hb675445_3    conda-forge
libprotobuf               3.19.4               h780b84a_0    conda-forge
libsndfile                1.2.0                hb75c966_0    conda-forge
libsqlite                 3.40.0               h753d276_0    conda-forge
libstdcxx-ng              12.2.0              h46fd767_19    conda-forge
libsystemd0               252                  h2a991cd_0    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.5.0                h6adf6a1_2    conda-forge
libtool                   2.4.7                h27087fc_0    conda-forge
libudev1                  252                  h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
libuuid                   2.32.1            h7f98852_1000    conda-forge
libvorbis                 1.3.7                h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.2.4                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.13              h7f98852_1004    conda-forge
libxkbcommon              1.0.3                he3ba5ed_0    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.10.3               h7463322_0    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.2.13               h166bdaf_4    conda-forge
line_profiler             4.0.1            py39hf939315_0    conda-forge
llvm-openmp               15.0.7               h0cdce71_0    conda-forge
lz4-c                     1.9.4                hcb278e6_0    conda-forge
mafft                     7.508                hec16e2b_0    bioconda
magma                     2.5.4                hc72dce7_4    conda-forge
markdown-it-py            2.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
markupsafe                2.1.2            py39h72bdee0_0    conda-forge
matplotlib                3.6.2            py39hf3d152e_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.6.2            py39hf9fd14e_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-inline         0.1.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
mdurl                     0.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
metis                     5.1.0             h58526e2_1006    conda-forge
mkl                       2022.2.1         h84fe81f_16997    conda-forge
mpfr                      4.1.0                h9202a9a_1    conda-forge
mpg123                    1.31.2               hcb278e6_0    conda-forge
munkres                   1.1.4              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
mysql-common              8.0.32               ha901b37_0    conda-forge
mysql-libs                8.0.32               hd7da12d_0    conda-forge
nccl                      2.14.3.1             h0800d71_0    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.4                  h6a678d5_0  
ninja                     1.11.0               h924138e_0    conda-forge
nltk                      3.8.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nspr                      4.35                 h27087fc_0    conda-forge
nss                       3.82                 he02c5a1_0    conda-forge
numpy                     1.24.1           py39h7360e5f_0    conda-forge
openjpeg                  2.5.0                hfec8fc6_2    conda-forge
openssl                   3.1.0                h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
packaging                 23.0               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pandas                    1.5.1            py39h4661b88_1    conda-forge
parso                     0.8.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pcre2                     10.40                hc3806b6_0    conda-forge
pexpect                   4.8.0              pyh1a96a4e_2    conda-forge
pickleshare               0.7.5                   py_1003    conda-forge
pillow                    9.4.0            py39ha08a7e4_0    conda-forge
pip                       23.0               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pixman                    0.40.0               h36c2ea0_0    conda-forge
ply                       3.11                       py_1    conda-forge
pooch                     1.6.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
prompt-toolkit            3.0.36             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
protobuf                  3.19.4           py39he80948d_0    conda-forge
psutil                    5.9.4            py39hb9d737c_0    conda-forge
pthread-stubs             0.4               h36c2ea0_1001    conda-forge
ptyprocess                0.7.0              pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
pulseaudio                16.1                 ha8d29e2_1    conda-forge
pure_eval                 0.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pycparser                 2.21               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pygments                  2.14.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pynvml                    11.5.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyopenssl                 23.0.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyparsing                 3.0.9              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyqt                      5.15.7           py39h5c7b992_3    conda-forge
pyqt5-sip                 12.11.0          py39h227be39_3    conda-forge
pysocks                   1.7.1              pyha2e5f31_6    conda-forge
python                    3.9.16          h2782a2a_0_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.8.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-igraph             0.10.4           py39hfac54ea_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.9                      3_cp39    conda-forge
pytorch                   1.10.2          cuda112py39h4de5995_1    conda-forge
pytorch-gpu               1.10.2          cuda112py39h0bbbad9_1    conda-forge
pytz                      2022.7.1           pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyyaml                    6.0              py39hb9d737c_5    conda-forge
qt-main                   5.15.6               h602db52_6    conda-forge
readline                  8.2                  h5eee18b_0  
regex                     2022.10.31       py39hb9d737c_0    conda-forge
requests                  2.28.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
rich                      13.3.1             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
scalene                   1.5.19           py39h227be39_0    conda-forge
scikit-learn              1.2.1            py39h86b2a18_0    conda-forge
scipy                     1.10.0           py39h7360e5f_0    conda-forge
sentence-transformers     2.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
sentencepiece             0.1.96           py39hf939315_1    conda-forge
seqeval                   1.2.2              pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
setuptools                59.5.0           py39hf3d152e_0    conda-forge
sip                       6.7.6            py39h227be39_0    conda-forge
six                       1.16.0             pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
sleef                     3.5.1                h9b69904_2    conda-forge
stack_data                0.6.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
suitesparse               5.10.1               h9e50725_1    conda-forge
tbb                       2021.7.0             h924138e_1    conda-forge
texttable                 1.6.7              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
threadpoolctl             3.1.0              pyh8a188c0_0    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.12               h27826a3_0    conda-forge
tokenizers                0.13.2           py39h585fa2d_0    conda-forge
toml                      0.10.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
torchvision               0.14.1          cuda112py39h1a1de93_0    conda-forge
tornado                   6.2              py39hb9d737c_1    conda-forge
tqdm                      4.64.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
traitlets                 5.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
transformers              4.24.0           py39h06a4308_0  
typing-extensions         4.4.0                hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
typing_extensions         4.4.0              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
tzdata                    2022g                h191b570_0    conda-forge
unicodedata2              15.0.0           py39hb9d737c_0    conda-forge
urllib3                   1.26.14            pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
vcmsa                     0.1.0                     dev_0    <develop>
wcwidth                   0.2.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wheel                     0.38.4             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
xcb-util                  0.4.0                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
xcb-util-image            0.4.0                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
xcb-util-keysyms          0.4.0                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
xcb-util-renderutil       0.3.9                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
xcb-util-wm               0.4.1                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
xorg-kbproto              1.0.7             h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-libice               1.0.10               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libsm                1.2.3             hd9c2040_1000    conda-forge
xorg-libx11               1.7.2                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.9                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.3                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxext              1.3.4                h7f98852_1    conda-forge
xorg-libxrender           0.9.10            h7f98852_1003    conda-forge
xorg-renderproto          0.11.1            h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-xextproto            7.3.0             h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-xproto               7.0.31            h7f98852_1007    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.10               h5eee18b_1  
yaml                      0.2.5                h7f98852_2    conda-forge
zipp                      3.12.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.13               h166bdaf_4    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.2                h3eb15da_6    conda-forge
